Awesome, I'll give you three minutes,
Get out of here right now.
Is it still funny?
I am Saint Zidi. You really fuck the saints every day.
However, you come to me with such provocation,
Is something wrong?
Make me blind. Is it investment in S Group or the wisdom of founding land?
I tell you. You scared my wife,
Did you know?
Saint Chidi. Don't tell me,
This is what you came to me for.
What do you think? I was just curious and took a look at him. Right.
You just said that
Investing in S International
You can really think about it
Because you're thinking of negotiating a career
Don't want to think about work
How is it possible?
I'm working hard now
This is co-produced by me in Taiwan
I'm working hard, but it's me
This is you
If I work hard, you will know me